CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Open UX OData
## 📖 Content

 * [Contributing Code](#how-to-contribute)

## 💻 Contributing Code
### General Remarks
You are welcome to contribute code to the Open UX OData in order to fix bugs or to implement new features.

There are three important things to know:

1. You must be aware of the Apache License (which describes contributions) and **accept the Developer Certificate of Origin**. This is common practice in major Open Source projects. To make this process as simple as possible, we are using *[CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/)* for individual contributions. CLA assistant is an open source tool that integrates with GitHub very well and enables a one-click experience for accepting the CLA. For company contributors, special rules apply. See the respective section below for details.
2. Follow our **[Development Conventions and Guidelines](/docs/Guidelines.md)**.
3. **Not all proposed contributions can be accepted**. Some features may just fit a third-party add-on better. The code must match the overall direction of the Open UX OData and improve it. So there should be some "bang for the byte". For most bug fixes this is a given, but a major feature implementation first needs to be discussed with one of the committers. Possibly, one who touched the related code or module recently. The more effort you invest, the better you should clarify in advance whether the contribution will match the project's direction. The best way would be to just open an enhancement ticket in the issue tracker to discuss the feature you plan to implement (make it clear that you intend to contribute). We will then forward the proposal to the respective code owner. This avoids disappointment.

## Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)

Due to legal reasons, contributors will be asked to accept a DCO before they submit the first pull request to this projects, this happens in an automated fashion during the submission process. SAP uses [the standard DCO text of the Linux Foundation](https://developercertificate.org/).

## How to Contribute
1. Make sure the change is welcome (see [General Remarks](#general-remarks)).
1. Create a branch by forking the relevant Open UX OData repository and apply your change.
1. Commit and push your change on that branch.
    - **Please follow our [Development Conventions and Guidelines](/docs/Guidelines.md).**
1. Create a pull request in the Open UX OData repository.
1. Follow the link posted by the CLA assistant to your pull request and accept it, as described above.
1. Wait for our code review and approval, possibly enhancing your change on request.
1. Once the change has been approved and merged, we will inform you in a comment.
1. Celebrate!

Commit message:

Create CONTRIBUTING_USING_GENAI.md (#854)
* Create CONTRIBUTING_USING_GENAI.md

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Open UX OData
## 📖 Content

 * [Contributing Code](#how-to-contribute)

## 💻 Contributing Code
### General Remarks
You are welcome to contribute code to the Open UX OData in order to fix bugs or to implement new features.

There are three important things to know:

1. You must be aware of the Apache License (which describes contributions) and **accept the Developer Certificate of Origin**. This is common practice in major Open Source projects. To make this process as simple as possible, we are using *[CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/)* for individual contributions. CLA assistant is an open source tool that integrates with GitHub very well and enables a one-click experience for accepting the CLA. For company contributors, special rules apply. See the respective section below for details.
2. Follow our **[Development Conventions and Guidelines](/docs/Guidelines.md)**.
3. **Not all proposed contributions can be accepted**. Some features may just fit a third-party add-on better. The code must match the overall direction of the Open UX OData and improve it. So there should be some "bang for the byte". For most bug fixes this is a given, but a major feature implementation first needs to be discussed with one of the committers. Possibly, one who touched the related code or module recently. The more effort you invest, the better you should clarify in advance whether the contribution will match the project's direction. The best way would be to just open an enhancement ticket in the issue tracker to discuss the feature you plan to implement (make it clear that you intend to contribute). We will then forward the proposal to the respective code owner. This avoids disappointment.

## Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)

Due to legal reasons, contributors will be asked to accept a DCO before they submit the first pull request to this projects, this happens in an automated fashion during the submission process. SAP uses [the standard DCO text of the Linux Foundation](https://developercertificate.org/).

## Contributing with AI-generated code

As artificial intelligence evolves, AI-generated code is becoming valuable for many software projects, including open-source initiatives. While we recognize the potential benefits of incorporating AI-generated content into our open-source projects there a certain requirements that need to be reflected and adhered to when making contributions.

Please see our [guideline for AI-generated code contributions to SAP Open Source Software Projects](CONTRIBUTING_USING_GENAI.md) for these requirements.

## How to Contribute
1. Make sure the change is welcome (see [General Remarks](#general-remarks)).
1. Create a branch by forking the relevant Open UX OData repository and apply your change.
1. Commit and push your change on that branch.
    - **Please follow our [Development Conventions and Guidelines](/docs/Guidelines.md).**
1. Create a pull request in the Open UX OData repository.
1. Follow the link posted by the CLA assistant to your pull request and accept it, as described above.
1. Wait for our code review and approval, possibly enhancing your change on request.
1. Once the change has been approved and merged, we will inform you in a comment.
1. Celebrate!
