docs/MockserverAPI.md, before:

# Mockserver contributor API

While the mockserver provides out of the box support for most of the OData operation you are looking for, it is possible that you have certain scenario where you'd like to have a more granular control over what happens.

To that end, the mockdata API used internally is fully extensible and you can implement your own custom behavior for each entity set that may require it.

The starting point is that you can provide a javascript (or Typescript) file with the same name as your EntitySet or Singleton that will implement various feature.

This also goes hand to hand with providing the mockdata as JSON files, so for one entity file you can have one JSON file providing the initial dataset and one JS file providing the custom logic you want to define.

## Available functions

### getInitialDataset

This method allow to provide the initial dataset for the entity set dynamically
You just have to return an array of objects that will be used as the initial dataset.

- `getInitialDataSet?: (contextId: string) => object[];`
  - `contextId` represents the tenant id for the current request

### executeAction

Provide a hook to handle the action calls, it's called whenever an action is executed.
It contains the action definition from the metadata alongside the current set of data from the action and the key of the object it's applying to

- `executeAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>): object;`

### onBeforeAction / onAfterAction

Provides hook before and after an action is executed, this is mostly used to provide additional handling on top of the standard draft workflow.

- `onBeforeAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>): object;`
- `onAfterAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>, responseData: any): any;`

### onBeforeUpdateEntry / onAfterUpdateEntry

Provides hook before and after an entry is updated, this is mostly used to provide additional handling on top of the standard mechanism.

- `onBeforeUpdateEntry(keyValues: KeyDefinitions, updatedData: object): void;`
- `onAfterUpdateEntry(keyValues: KeyDefinitions, updatedData: object): void;`


### throwError

This method allows to throw an error, it's useful to provide a custom error message.

- `throwError(message: string, statusCode?: number, messageData?: object, isSAPMessage?: boolean, headers?: Record<string, string>): void;`
    - `message` contains the message you're sending
    - `statusCode` contains the status code you want to see on the request
    - `messageData` contains the data you want to send along with the message
    - `isSAPMessage` if set to true, the message will be sent as a SAP message
    - `headers` contains the headers you want to send along with the message

### base API

On top of providing ways to override default behavior, you also have access to a `base` API that comprises of the basic functionality offered by the mockdata API.

#### addEntry

Add a new entry to the data set.

`addEntry: (mockEntry: object, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### updateEntry

Update an existing entry, identified by it's keyValues into the data set.

`updateEntry: (keyValues: KeyDefinitions, newData: object, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### removeEntry

Remove an entry from the data set

`removeEntry: (keyValues: KeyDefinitions, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### getEntityInterface

Retrieve the mockdata entity interface for a given entity set.

`getEntityInterface: (entityName: string) => Promise<FileBasedMockData | undefined>;`

The entity interface allow you then to access the standard function (`addEntry`, `fetchEntries`, ...) to manipulate the mockdata of the application.

Commit message:

feat: allow custom referential constraints to be defined

docs/MockserverAPI.md, after:

# Mockserver contributor API

While the mockserver provides out of the box support for most of the OData operation you are looking for, it is possible that you have certain scenario where you'd like to have a more granular control over what happens.

To that end, the mockdata API used internally is fully extensible and you can implement your own custom behavior for each entity set that may require it.

The starting point is that you can provide a javascript (or Typescript) file with the same name as your EntitySet or Singleton that will implement various feature.

This also goes hand to hand with providing the mockdata as JSON files, so for one entity file you can have one JSON file providing the initial dataset and one JS file providing the custom logic you want to define.

## Available functions

### getInitialDataset

This method allow to provide the initial dataset for the entity set dynamically
You just have to return an array of objects that will be used as the initial dataset.

- `getInitialDataSet?: (contextId: string) => object[];`
  - `contextId` represents the tenant id for the current request

### executeAction

Provide a hook to handle the action calls, it's called whenever an action is executed.
It contains the action definition from the metadata alongside the current set of data from the action and the key of the object it's applying to

- `executeAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>): object;`

### onBeforeAction / onAfterAction

Provides hook before and after an action is executed, this is mostly used to provide additional handling on top of the standard draft workflow.

- `onBeforeAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>): object;`
- `onAfterAction(actionDefinition: Action, actionData: any, keys: Record<string, any>, responseData: any): any;`

### onBeforeUpdateEntry / onAfterUpdateEntry

Provides hook before and after an entry is updated, this is mostly used to provide additional handling on top of the standard mechanism.

- `onBeforeUpdateEntry(keyValues: KeyDefinitions, updatedData: object): void;`
- `onAfterUpdateEntry(keyValues: KeyDefinitions, updatedData: object): void;`


### throwError

This method allows to throw an error, it's useful to provide a custom error message.

- `throwError(message: string, statusCode?: number, messageData?: object, isSAPMessage?: boolean, headers?: Record<string, string>): void;`
    - `message` contains the message you're sending
    - `statusCode` contains the status code you want to see on the request
    - `messageData` contains the data you want to send along with the message
    - `isSAPMessage` if set to true, the message will be sent as a SAP message
    - `headers` contains the headers you want to send along with the message

### getReferentialConstraints

This method allows you to specify, for a given navigation property, the referential constraints that should be applied when fetching the related entities.
- `getReferentialConstraints(navigationProperty: NavigationProperty): { sourceProperty: string, targetProperty: string}[];`
  - `navigationProperty` contains the navigation property definition
  - For the response
    - `sourceProperty` should contains the property name on the source entity
    - `targetProperty` shouldcontains the property name on the target entity
    - 
### base API

On top of providing ways to override default behavior, you also have access to a `base` API that comprises of the basic functionality offered by the mockdata API.

#### addEntry

Add a new entry to the data set.

`addEntry: (mockEntry: object, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### updateEntry

Update an existing entry, identified by it's keyValues into the data set.

`updateEntry: (keyValues: KeyDefinitions, newData: object, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### removeEntry

Remove an entry from the data set

`removeEntry: (keyValues: KeyDefinitions, odataRequest: ODataRequest) => void;`

#### getEntityInterface

Retrieve the mockdata entity interface for a given entity set.

`getEntityInterface: (entityName: string) => Promise<FileBasedMockData | undefined>;`

The entity interface allow you then to access the standard function (`addEntry`, `fetchEntries`, ...) to manipulate the mockdata of the application.
